Basic USRP Rx / Tx Test - Hunter G. Cook September 2022 - huntergcook@gatech.edu

Transmit / Receive QPSK Modulated Data:
	Transmit: Random data, modulated as QPSK.
		Symbols = 0,1,2,3. See a QPSK Constellation diagram, or the MATLAB help.
		Gives us baseband data points that need send to the radio.
		We should see 4 distinct points,  using DScatter you can plot the inphase
			and quadrature points to see them from the transmitter.
		Upsample: For simplicity, I am repeating each symbol 10 times just to
			demonstrate the phase effects of transmitting. We do not care
			about the data at this point.
	Receive: Downsample and plot.
		Downsample: Skipping this step for now, leaving the repeated 10 symbols and plotting.
		Plotting: The DScatter function will plot a heat map of IQ samples. We would expect
			the four IQ poits (plus noise) that we sent to the radio.
			Since both the transmitter and reciever are at the same frequency, the output
			should be some phase shifted version of these samples.
		IQ Plot rotation: If you run the script, you should see the points move arround and some
		other points not close. There are two sources of phase shift here. One is the physical
		phase delay from going from transmitter to reciever. (Think phasors) The other source
		is that the transmitter is going to put the generated samples on the carrier at some
		random point.
		Normalize: Make all amplitudes be max 1. Since we are doing QPSK, there is no amplitude
			information. More complicated schemes will require "equalization" to determine
			the recieved amplitude compared to others. This can be done with a set of symbols
			in the beginning that the radio is expected (Pilot symbols / Preamble) so it knows
			the amplitude of future symbols that look the same. Read about covariance to think
			about this.

Take Aways:
	Phase: Why does the phase behave as it does? Unplug the external clock and see what happens
		It is synchronized for the most part, but changes some. Try to play with parameters
		and see what changes.
	Modulation: What data did we give the radio? What does a symbol do to the carrier (Phase and
		amplitude) and how does the reciever get that data out?
		

USRP_RX:
	-try release for running multiple times.(Release object before next run)
	-Basic Comm paramameters set as beginning(Fc,Gain,SamplesPerFrame,TimePerFrame)
		Mostly adhoc for demonstration purposes, feel free to explore these values.
		call_uhd_app('benchmark_rate','--tx_rate 20e6','-echo'); in MATLAB
		adjusted the TX rate until there were no overflows and used that value for Fs
	-comm.SDRuReceiver sets up system RX object. (See USRP manual for MATLAB)
		Radio0 a.k.a 316405A will be the recieving radio.
		It will receive on the RX2 port of RF0
		I have a 10mhz referenece clock and PPS source connected to the radio.
	-Reception (See USRP manual for MATLAB)
		General gist is to keep trying to recieve until the radio give us a vector
		set length to zero before doing this so we know that we got good data


USRP_TX:
	-Matching parameters to RX
		Gain is important, Wired medium means easy to clip.
		Side/unexpected lobes on FFT probably mean clipping.
	-comm.SDRuTransmitter sets up system TX object (See USRP manual for MATLAB)
		Radio1 a.k.a 316407B will be the transmitting radio.
		It will transmit from the TX1/RX1 port of RF0
		I have a 10mhz referenece clock and PPS source connected to the radio.
	-Continually transmit the same data
		More complex transmissions will not be this simple (i.e. Modulated Data)
		i keeps track and makes sure things are working

NOTES:
Both radios taking 10MHZ reference signal and Pulse Per Second from external clock generator. Radios connected via wired medium. Radios connected to PC via USB3.0 cables in seperate ports.

Scripts NEED to be ran in different MATLAB terminals to execute in paralell.

Matlab Version R2022A
	All toolboxs from installer
	Communications Support Package for MATLAB (found in Add-ons)
